             International Classification of Diseases

                     ---   9th Revision   ---

                       Clinical Modification

                          October 1, 2010

                            (ICD-9-CM)

                       in Rich Text Format


Note: this document is best viewed in a fixed width font.  

The files listed below include the entire text of "The
International Classification of Diseases, 9th Revision, Clinical
Modification" (ICD-9-CM), Sixth Edition, issued for use beginning
October 1, 2010, for federal fiscal year 2011 (FY11).  The 
ICD-9-CM is maintained jointly by the National Center for Health
Statistics (NCHS) and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid 
Services (CMS).

These files are in Rich Text Format and may be imported into most
word processors with indentation intact.  These files come from
the official version of the ICD-9-CM, which is available on
CD-ROM from the U.S. Government Printing Office, (202) 512-1800, 
order number 017-022-01614-1, ISBN 9780160861789, price $29.00.  
This CD-ROM includes Folio VIEWS (tm) software, which features 
keyword searching and hypertext linking.

These files are available on the Internet, in a compressed
format.  See the NCHS web site on classification of disease for
information, at the uniform resource locator (URL) below.

http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/icd.htm

This NCHS web site also has links to a Conversion Table for 
1986-2010, and to the Official Guidelines for ICD-9-CM, in Adobe 
Acrobat (tm) PDF format.  The V Code Table will be found as part 
of the Guidelines.  For downloading of other files listed below, 
this site has links to the following FTP site at the URL below.

ftp://ftp.cdc.gov/pub/Health_Statistics/NCHS/Publications/ICD9-CM

The most recent 2010 files will be in a subdirectory of this site
labeled 2010.  Earlier files will be in subdirectories identified 
by the year.

A separate file for the preface is in an RTF file.  The other 
files included in this distribution have been compressed in the 
ZIP format, which is compatible with PKZIP and PKUNZIP programs, 
WinZip, and other file compression and decompression programs.  

The following table lists file names and sizes when extracted for 
the ICD-9-CM files available by FTP, for use as of October 1, 
2010, for federal fiscal year 2011 (FY11).  Please note that 
Appendix B, the Glossary of Mental Disorders, has been retired 
and is no longer distributed with the ICD-9-CM.

Filename       Size in  Expanded      Expanded   Description
               bytes    Files         File
                                      Sizes
------------   -------  ------------  ---------  ----------------
APPNDX11.ZIP    80,500  DMORPH11.RTF    183,309  Appendix A, 
                                                 Morphology of 
                                                 Neoplasms
                        DDRGCL11.RTF     83,011  Appendix C, 
                                                 Classification 
                                                 of Drugs
                        DINDST11.RTF     64,048  Appendix D, 
                                                 Classification 
                                                 of Industrial 
                                                 Accidents
                        DC_3D11.RTF     260,850  Appendix E, List
                                                 of Three-Digit 
                                                 Categories
DDRUGS11.ZIP    91,663  DDRUGS11.RTF    979,633  Table of Drugs 
                                                 and Chemicals
DINDEX11.ZIP 1,139,425  DINDEX11.RTF 18,507,209  Index to 
                                                 Diseases
EINDEX11.ZIP    71,986  EINDEX11.RTF  1,186,318  Index to 
                                                 External Causes
DTAB11.ZIP     755,064  DTAB11.RTF   13,012,446  Tabular List of 
                                                 Diseases
PINDEX11.ZIP   279,074  PINDEX11.RTF  3,860,698  Index to 
                                                 Procedures
PTAB11.ZIP     235,984  PTAB11.RTF    3,976,227  Tabular List of 
                                                 Procedures
PREFAC11.RTF    73,691  ---           ---        Preface

Questions and comments regarding the function or format of these 
files should be addressed to the Data Dissemination Branch, 
National Center for Health Statistics, at (301) 458-4636, or by 
e-mail to:  nchsquery@cdc.gov.

Coding questions should be submitted to the Central Office on 
ICD-9-CM by mail or fax.  The mailing address is below.

  Central Office on ICD-9-CM
  Coding Advice
  American Hospital Association
  155 North Wacker Drive, Suite 400
  Chicago, IL 60606

The phone number for the Central Office on ICD-9-CM is:  
(312) 893-6800.  The general fax number is (312) 422-4500.  They do 
not accept phone inquiries. The fax number to send requests for coding 
advice is 312-278-0838.

Details about how to submit questions on coding and a form are 
available from the Central Office on ICD-9-CM web site at the URL 
below.

http://www.ahacentraloffice.org/ahacentraloffice/shtml/contactus.shtml
